docs: add section about query spec (#177)
eclipse-edc/docs: developer/wip/for-contributors/contributor-handbook.md

> For details about the FederatedCatalog, please refer to its [documentation](https://github.com/eclipse-edc/FederatedCatalog/).

#### 2.1.6 Querying with `QuerySpec` and `Criterion`

Most of the entities can be queried with the `QuerySpec` object, which is a generic way of expressing limit, offset, sort and filters when querying a collection of objects managed by the EDC stores. 

Here's an example of how a `QuerySpec` object might look like when querying for Assets via management APIs:

```json
{
	"@context": {
		"edc": "https://w3id.org/edc/v0.0.1/ns/"
	},
	"@type": "QuerySpec",
	"limit": 1,
	"offset": 1,
	"sortField": "createdAt",
	"sortOrder": "DESC",
	"filterExpression": [
		{
			"operandLeft": "https://w3id.org/edc/v0.0.1/ns/description",
			"operator": "=",
			"operandRight": "This asset"
		}
	]
}
```

> which filters by the `description` custom property being equals to `This asset`. The query also paginates the result with limit and skit set to one. Additionally a sorting strategy is in place by `createdAt` property in `descending` order (the default is `ASC`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which filters by the `description` custom property being equals to `This asset`. The query also paginates the result with limit and skip set to 1. Additionally a sorting strategy is in place by `createdAt` property in `descending` order (the default is `ASC`)
```

> > Note: Since custom properties are persisted in their expanded form, we have to use the expanded for also when querying.

Reviewer: i would add a link to the section about JSON-LD 2.3

The `filterExpression` property is a list of `Criterion`, which expresses a single filtering condition based on:

- `operandLeft`: the property to filter on 
- `operator`: the operator to apply e.g. `=`
- `operandRight`: the value of the filtering

The supported operators are:

- Equal: `=`
- Not equal: `!=`
- In: `in`
- Like: `like`

> - Ilike: `ilike`

Reviewer: I would add that "ilike" is just a "like" operand ignoring case.

- Contains: `contains`

> Note: multiple filtering expressions are always logically conjoined using an "AND" operation.

The properties that can be expressed in the `operandLeft` of a `Criterion` depend on the shape of the entity that we are want to query.

> Note: nested properties are also supported using the dot notation.

`QuerySpec` can also be used when doing the catalog request using the `querySpec` property in the catalog request payload for filtering the datasets:

```json
{
    "@context": {
        "@vocab": "https://w3id.org/edc/v0.0.1/ns/"
    },
    "counterPartyAddress": "http://provider/api/dsp",
    "protocol": "dataspace-protocol-http",
    "counterPartyId": "providerId",
    "querySpec": {
        "filterExpression": [
            {
                "operandLeft": "https://w3id.org/edc/v0.0.1/ns/description",
                "operator": "=",
                "operandRight": "This asset"
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

> Entities are backed by [stores](#261-store-layers) for doing CRUD operations. For each entity there is an associated store interface (SPI). Most of the stores SPI have a `query` like method which takes a `QuerySpec` type as input and return the matched entities. Single implementations are then responsible for translating the `QuerySpec` to a proper fetching strategy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entities are backed by [stores](#261-store-layers) for doing CRUD operations. For each entity there is an associated store interface (SPI). Most of the stores SPI have a `query` like method which takes a `QuerySpec` type as input and returns the matched entities in a collection. Individual implementations are then responsible for translating the `QuerySpec` to a proper fetching strategy. 
```
the mapping and translation (inmem: reflection based, pg: through mapping) should be explained. if not here, then I would explicitly mention with links
